Work plan for the AIRT Spring Code Cleaning
-------------------------------------------

Main targets:

1. Full multilingual preparation for GNU gettext, including all required
   documentation for all relevant people.

2. Where relevant, add Doxygen documentation to functions, and document 
   the full procedure to generate external API documentation from these.

3. Scrutinise the universal use of string escapes for SQL generation.

4. Have a general look at everything that might need cleaning.


GNU gettext support for AIRT
----------------------------

There are four things for gettext that need attention, of which only one
needs work in the AIRT code base.

1. Write code so that all English strings that can reach the user interface
   are passed through the _() function. Take care that these strings must
   be reasonably coherent so that a translator can process them out of
   context. Also take care that you do not want direct variable expansion in
   these strings, always use the printf() variant and where necessary
   provide numbered arguments so they can be swapped and repeated ($).
   Note: it does not suffice that you have one _() function which gets
   passed parameters; it needs literal strings, due to step 2.

2. Run the xgettext(1) program over your sources (from a Makefile). This
   will extract all literal strings that are within _() function calls.
   Obviously, for this to work, you need to do step 1. properly and test it.

3. The result is a .po file, which is flat ASCII and can be translated.
   There are nice tools available for this, such as poedit(1) (auch für
   Fenster).

4. The translated .po file comes back, is compiled via msgfmt(1) into a .mo
   file, and gets installed in a very specific place on the system. Live
   calls to the _() function now may use their parameter as a lookup index
   into the .mo file and return the translated string instead of the
   original string.

Actual details will be provided as the spring code cleanup progresses. There
is documentation available in php-gettext.txt as well, which will eventually
get adapted to the AIRT situation.

