// vim: textwidth=60
$URL$
$Id$


INTEGRATING AIRT WITH OTRS
--------------------------

In the integration between AIRT and OTRS, we decide that
AIRT is the leading party. As a result, AIRT will maintain
the associations between AIRT incidents and OTRS tickets.

For this, no alterations have to be made to the AIRT
database. OTRS ticket numbers will be stored as an external
identifier associated with an AIRT incident. The prefix used
for OTRS tickets is _OTRS.

We propose the use of four OTRS queues:

a. incidents queue. This queue must only contain tickets
   that are (or can be) associated with AIRT incidents.

b. import queue. This queue must only contain tickets that
   have been offered to the import queue.

c. informative queue. The informative queue must only
   contain useful communication that does not directly apply to
   AIRT incidents, or import queue messages.

d. junk queue. Must contain all mail that is not categorized
   in the other queues.


1. Interfacing AIRT -> OTRS

   The following connection points are identified:

   1.1 Association between AIRT incident number and OTRS
   ticket number.

   When associating a ticket to an incident from within
   OTRS, the user should take care to only associate tickets
   in the incidents queue.

   We will update the incident details page to list OTRS
   tickets directly below the other external incidents.
   The OTRS ticket associations can be edited from a
   separate screen, similar to the screen for editing
   external incidents.

   To map an OTRS ticket number to a URL that can be used to
   directly access the corresponding ticket, a small Perl
   script can be used. The name of this script is
   tn-redirect.

   1.2 Updating the state of an AIRT incident to 'closed'
   must be reflected on the state of the OTRS ticket
   number(s) that are associated with the incident.

   TODO: To close on OTRS ticket automatically, a small Perl
   script can be used. The name of the script is tn-close.

   1.3 If there are any ticket numbers associated with an
   incident, sending an message from template must be
   altered so that outgoing message is associated with those
   tickets.

   TODO: Find out if it is possible to create a mail header
   that is detected by OTRS, and enables OTRS to
   automatically associate the message with the approriate
   ticket.

   1.4 If no OTRS ticket number is created yet, sending a
   message from the template must result in the creation of
   a new OTRS ticket and the new ticket number must be
   associated with the AIRT current incident.

  TODO: find out how to do this.

2. Interfacing OTRS -> AIRT

   The following connection points are identified:

   2.1 It must be possible to associate a ticket with an
   AIRT incident. This should be made possible from within
   the OTRS interface.

   2.2 Tickets that are associated with an AIRT incident ID,
   and reside in the incidents queue must not be closable
   from the OTRS interface. Instead, the control must be at
   the AIRT side.

$EOF$
